bpo-38080 [2to3] Added getproxies to urllib fixes (#16167)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Tools-Demos/2019-09-18-13-49-56.bpo-38080.Nbl7lF.rst

> Added getproxies to :const:`MAPPING` :mod:`Lib.lib2to3.fixes.fix_urllib`

Reviewer: IMHO it would be a bit clearer if you say 
```suggestion
Added support to fix ``getproxies`` in the :mod:`lib2to3.fixes.fix_urllib`.
```

Author: @isidentical Done!, thanks!

> module. Patch by José Roberto Meza Cabrera.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added support to fix ``getproxies`` in the :mod:`lib2to3.fixes.fix_urllib`
module. Patch by José Roberto Meza Cabrera.
```

Author: You are right, Done!
